hello my fellow movie addicts
today we will do a recap on action
adventure fantasy and thriller 2021 movie titled
mortal kombat warning heavy spoilers ahead
japan 1617 hensel hassashi is living peacefully in
his compound with his wife hirumi and son satoshi
as well as other members of the shirai ryu clan
as he goes to gather water assassins from the
lin kuei clan led by Bihan invade and kill the
other villagers by hand goes to hanzo's home
to threaten his family with his ICE powers when
he hears harumi scream he runs back to his home
and finds her and satoshi frozen to death he can
only briefly mourn before he must defend himself
using his own blade he fights off and slaughters
the other assassins before going after BIHAN the
two fight heavily until Bihan drives a blade
deep into hanzo's shoulder he tells his killer
to remember his face henzo then hears the
sound of his baby daughter crying in his home
he tries crawling toward the house but he dies we
see a dragon shape mark on his arm before his body
burns up and disappears a bolt of lightning
strikes and outsteps master raiden he takes
hanzo's daughter with him to another realm text
appears stating that earth realm is under threat
of attack from outworld unless selected champions
from the hasashi bloodline can step forward
jump ahead to the present day where cole young is
set to compete in an mma fight with only his wife
ally and daughter emily to support him during the
fight cole gets in a few hits but is ultimately
pinned down by his opponent despite emily's
attempts to lift her dad's spirits cole ultimately
taps out before he is choked into unconsciousness
after the fight cole is approached by a man named
jack spriggs who notices the coal has a mark
on his chest similar to the one seen on hanso
cole dismisses it as nothing more than a birthmark
meanwhile coal is also plagued by a vision of
hanzo surrounded by flames an outworld by hand
now going by sub-zero approaches his master
shang tsung as they are making plans to overtake
earth realm they know that a descendant of hanzo
is alive but sub-zero sees no threat cole and
ali take emily out for dinner when it appears
to start snowing despite being july the table
around emily freezes and sub-zero starts making
his way down the street he brings hail down on the
people but cole gets emily to safety the family is
saved by jax who drives them away and shows coal
that he has the same dragon marking on his body
jax gets the youngs to safety and tells cole to
find sonia blade jax goes off to face up zero on
his own but the foe proves to be a real threat
when he freezes jax's gun before freezing and
shattering both of his arms and leaving him for
dead paul has ali and emily get somewhere safe
while he seeks out sonia he tracks her down
to a junkyard where she initially attacks him
until cole shows her the mark and says jack sent
him sonia brings cole into her trailer where she
explains to him that sub-zero has been after other
people who bear the mark sonia doesn't have it but
jax does after they came across a super-powered
target that jax fought who already had the mark
and after killing the man the mark passed itself
onto jax sonia's research has led her to find out
about an ancient tournament known as mortal kombat
sonia has captured a ruthless mercenary named kano
who also has the mark and worked for the black
dragon clan moments later sonia's home is attacked
by shang tsung's henchmen reptile the creature
uses camouflage to attack but kano gets free and
punches his fist through reptile's chest pulling
out his heart with her research destroyed in the
attack sonia doesn't know what the next move is
until kano states that he knows she is trying to
make it the temple of raiden and he knows where
it is sonja lies to kano and offers him three
million dollars to help guide her and call to the
location they head off into the desert where they
are met by one of raiden's champions liu kang who
has fire abilities he explains to them the urgency
of defending earth realm since they have lost nine
of the mortal combat tournaments and one more loss
means shang tsung can arrive to conquer it liu
kang shows that he has rounded up the remaining
champions that he could including jax who is still
unconscious from his fight with sub-zero liu kang
assures sonia that the other people working in
the temple will do what they can do heal jax liu
kang brings cole sonia and kano to meet raiden who
is unimpressed by them before they begin training
sheng's son arrives at the temple with sub-zero
and his demonic henchwoman molina as sub-zero
attacks liu kang he is saved by his cousin kung
lao shang tsung prepares his own attack but raiden
steps out to remind him that it is forbidden to
claim victory before the tournament has begun
he then creates a force field around the temple
to prevent the outworld villains from continuing
their attack forcing them to leave liu begins to
train the champions by helping them unlock their
inner power or arcana which is why he has fire
powers and raiden has lightning powers sonia is
not allowed to join the others because she is not
one of the chosen champions she goes to jax's side
where he is awake and discovers he has mechanical
arms although he attempts to make use of them he
feels useless and weaker with them colin kano
get their asses beat by liu kang and kung lao
liu kang tries to help coal achieve his arcana
by figuring out what it is that drives him
the fighters have dinner where kano runs his mouth
too much and liu kang and kung lao antagonize him
by stating he is impulsive and powerless making
him an unworthy fighter kano snaps which actually
activates his arcana and causes him to fire a
laser beam from his right eye cole later talks to
raiden about the dragon marking raiden explains to
call that he is descended from hanzo's bloodline
specifically from the baby that raiden rescued in
the beginning he also tells cold at the vision he
sees as hanzo wandering through hell waiting
for the day he can get his revenge on sub-zero
when cole feels that he is not a worthy champion
raiden opens the portal to send him back to earth
realm to be with ali and emily shung sun
gathers more fighters for his next attack
including the demon natara the monstrous prince
scorrow the brutish riako and the mercenary cable
who has a personal grudge with kano since they
used to work together with the black dragon clan
and kano left cable for dead forcing him to wear
his special new suit cable does also feel the kano
would be a good ally for shang tsung's army
cable meets kano at the temple and convinces
him to defect and join forces with shang tsung
he uses his laser to destroy the force field
shang tsung and his minions attack the temple
while goro goes after cole and his family in the
attack sonia fights molina but the latter chooses
not to kill sonya because she is not a chosen one
and feels her death would be a waste cable fights
liu kang and overpowers him jax fights ryko but is
overpowered and the brute knocks him and sanyo out
before attempting to crush them under a boulder
jax tries to lift the boulder off sonja which
helps him find his arcana and causes the arms
to grow in size and strength natara swoops
down for an attack but kung lao fights her
and performs a fatality by using his metal hat as
a buzzsaw slicing natara in half down the middle
flawless victory meanwhile goro is laying coal
into the dirt until he starts to make his way
toward ali and emily feeling the need to protect
his family cole's arcana is unlocked with his body
being covered in golden armor and allowing
him to create blades to help him fight goro
first slicing off one of his forearms and then
impaling him through the eyes to kill him raiden
senses this and summons call back to the temple
revealing his bloodline to shang sun and sub-zero
raiden prepares to bring the champions to the void
for protection but shang xiangtsung grabs kung lao
and sucks his soul out killing him and forcing liu
kang to watch liu kang mourns his cousin while the
rest of the heroes try to figure out a strategy
for fighting shang tsung's forces raiden presents
cole with hanzo's kunai that was recovered after
his death and he encourages cole to use it cole
decides that they should take on the villains in
the style of a tournament raiden teleports the
champions to take on their respective opponents
jax is sent to fight riko with his new arms
although riaco tries to bring jax down with his
warhammer jax disarms him and uses his arms to
turn ryako's head into paste sonia is sent back
to her trailer to fight kano which ends with her
impaling him through his eye and his marking is
passed down to her as cole is fighting molina
sonia comes to help and uses her newfound arcana
powers to fire a plasma beam from her arms
to blast a hole through molina's stomach liu
kang faces cable again and uses his own fatality
a fire dragon move that consumes cable and
burns him to a crisp sub-zero goes to earth
realm and finds sally and emily where he freezes
them alive cole is summoned to fight sub-zero
but the villain proves to overpower him when
cole's blood touches the kunai this brings hanzo
back from hell where he is revived as scorpion
he returns to battle his nemesis with cole's help
scorpion uses his heat to revive ali and emily
before managing to trap sub-zero and use his
own fire powers to burn sub-zero to death before
going back scorpion thanks cole for freeing him
and asks him to keep his bloodline alive shang
tsung appears once more to retrieve the bodies
of his fighters meaning they may be brought back
to life but raiden banishes him back to outworld
raiden then tells his champions that they are
victorious but they must gather more fighters
for when shang tsung plans his next attack cola
is at the gym where he normally fights and tells
the promoter he is finally quitting and going to
hollywood when asked what's in hollywood cole says
not what who the camera then pans over to show who
cole is looking for superstar fighter johnny cage
thank you for viewing our movie recapped i
hope you have enjoyed watching our videos
please like and share the video and
subscribe to our channel to help us grow
click the notification bell so you will
be notified when we upload our next
videos